Improve readme (#8)
rootstrap/arqo: README.md

# ARQO ![ARQO](docs/images/logo.png)

ARQO (Active Record Query Objects) is a minimal gem that let you use Query Objects in an easy and Rails friendly way. It leverages `ActiveRecord` features and tries to make query objects as intuitive as possible for developers. In combination with the documentation we hope `ARQO` helps people keep their projects well structured and healthy.

![CI](https://github.com/rootstrap/arqo/workflows/ci/badge.svg)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/5ed2b32bfdf09746bd82/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rootstrap/arqo/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/5ed2b32bfdf09746bd82/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rootstrap/arqo/test_coverage)

## Table of Contents

- [Motivation](#motivation)
  - [Why ARQO?](#why-arqo)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Setting up a query object](#setting-up-a-query-object)
  - [Deriving the model](#deriving-the-model)
  - [Chaining scopes](#chaining-scopes)
- [Development](#development)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Motivation

> `ActiveRecord` provides us with an amazing abstraction of the database structure, allowing us to form queries in a simple way. Unfortunately models can grow big for several reasons, one of them being adding a lot of scopes or placing querying logic in methods.

Reviewer: `allowing us to form queries` --> `allowing us to write queries` ?

Reviewer: `Unfortunately models can grow big` --> `Unfortunately models can grow/get fat` ?

Author: I don't like using the word fat, but I changed it for grow large

> `ActiveRecord` provides us with an amazing abstraction of the database structure, allowing us to form queries in a simple way. Unfortunately models can grow big for several reasons, one of them being adding a lot of scopes or placing querying logic in methods.

Author: ```suggestion
`ActiveRecord` provides us with an amazing abstraction of the database structure, allowing us to write queries in a simple way. Unfortunately, models can grow large for several reasons, one of them being adding a lot of scopes or placing querying logic in methods.
```
